Meeting India's Prime Minister Modi in Washington, D.C.
Wow! What an honor it was to meet India's honorable Prime Minister Shri. Narendra Modi in Washington, D.C. this weekend. As part of PM Modi's historic U.S. visit, the US-India Strategic Partnership Forum (USISPC) arranged a visit with several CEOs. I've said it many times, India is the heart of Cognizant, and being able to forge meaningful relationships with leaders in India is paramount for our continued success. 
Interview with CNBC India
I had a great time sitting down with Shereen Bhan, managing editor at CNBC-TV18 in India, to discuss the outlook for tech, growth areas for Cognizant, India expansion and more. ch part of our interview here. 


Cognizant Introduces Cognizant® Ocean to help ocean industries navigate the effects of over-exploitation and climate change
I am thrilled to share that today we announced Cognizant has created a new business group, Cognizant® Ocean, which will focus on helping clients in the "Blue Economy" apply digital technologies, such as AI and data analytics, to improve their business outcomes, reduce their carbon output and decarbonize the oceans.  

Cognizant Ocean aims to drive sustainability, efficiency, and growth in the Blue Economy, which encompasses a wide range of sectors that operate in and around the world's oceans, including shipping, marine transportation, offshore oil and gas, marine renewables, aquaculture, and marine conservation, among others. Check out the Be.Cognizant story to learn more. 
GGM Analyst and Advisor Summit
A terrific day learning and interacting with our friends in the analysts and advisory community in our London office!
Cognizant joins AT&T Connected Climate Initiative, commits to helping reduce one billion tons of CO2 emissions by 2035 
I'm excited to share that Cognizant is expanding its global collaboration with AT&T by joining the AT&T Connected Climate Initiative (CCI), an industry consortium dedicated to eliminating one billion tons (the Gigaton Goal) of CO2 emissions by 2035 through the use of connectivity solutions and technology.

Joining the CCI is a natural expansion of Cognizant's relationship with AT&T and represents a strong marriage of technology, expertise and a shared commitment to helping enterprises achieve net zero status while continuing to drive digital business transformation. 
Safeguarding our economy and supporting industries of the future
Recently, I had the opportunity to meet with the U.K. Prime Minister and other U.S. business leaders to discuss safeguarding our economies, strengthening our supply chains and supporting industries of the future. The UK is a very important market for Cognizant, and we see tremendous growth opportunities. Last year we delivered on our promise to open delivery centers in Leeds and Northern Ireland and just this year opened our flagship London Collaboration Hub for our Cognizant employees. As a business, we remain committed to investing in the UK and see the success of our UK business as a pivotal part of Cognizant’s growth overall.
Building the workforce of the future
I was delighted to sit down with Taranjit Singh Sandhu, Indian Ambassador to the United States. During our time we discussed the growing tech partnership between the United States and India and collaboration in skilling. Collaborations like this will be a key part in building the workforce of the future.
Crowdsourcing innovation: The Generative AI Ideation Challenge 
Recently, we announced a company-wide Generative AI Ideation Challenge powered by Bluebolt™ to tap into the creativity of our 350,000+ associates. The challenge invites you to submit your game-changing ideas on how generative AI can positively impact our organization, our clients, and our society. This challenge is open to everyone at Cognizant, so all are invited to participate. If you know someone who might be interested, encourage them to join! Check out the Generative AI Ideation Challenge page for details. 
Cognizant launches third ESG report on World Environment Day
As we celebrate World Environment Day, we launched our third ESG report – which articulates our progress across all three ESG pillars. Last year alone our teams spent more than 1,360 hours answering our client’s ESG questions, which yielded $3.8B in revenue. To help ensure you're prepared to have conversations with clients on sustainability, read the report and take our climate education training.
Why Cognizant?
At our Town Hall in May, I spoke with you about the many signs of our company’s growing momentum. At the heart, is a special culture, spirit, and sense of purpose that begins with our heritage of client-centricity and flexibility—our ability to build long-term, high-quality partnerships with our clients. Clients appreciate our humility—our willingness to listen, learn, and adapt. The longevity of our client relationships attests to the trust we’ve earned by always putting clients’ needs and success first. Today, with technology at the core of every business, clients insist on expertise at the intersection of industry and technology. From our earliest days, we were known for providing expert advice to clients on how best to apply new technologies to their industry-specific business problems. The market for tech services has moved our way. We are a standout partner at this confluence of industry and technology, with the added benefit of having a client-centric operating model. We are also the rare partner that can assist clients with their range of needs—and that includes helping them responsibly deploy generative AI.

Our work is meaningful because we’re a trusted partner to organizations that are changing the world for the better. We engineer modern businesses to improve everyday life—the everyday life of people, organizations, and society. Close to my heart is how deeply engaged we are with our communities. Now, we have a unique opportunity to apply Cognizant’s reskilling and learning infrastructure to help our communities improve human capital at scale.

We also have the opportunity to reclaim our employer-of-choice standing. That’s why our people strategy is focused on accelerating role movement, strengthening our learning and leadership programs, enabling more women to advance, fostering a more diverse and inclusive workplace, and prioritizing your well-being.

Today, I’m more convinced than ever that we have everything we need to win in the marketplace. So, when I ask myself why Cognizant, your insights have helped me realize how uniquely fit for the future our company is. We have everything we need to be a truly great and enduring company.
Celebrating Pride Month
Today, we celebrate the beginning of Pride Month — an opportunity to continue to uplift LGBTQ+ voices, celebrate LGBTQ+ culture and support LGBTQ+ rights. Read CFO Jan Siegmund's note on celebrating Pride Month to learn more about how to become an ally, and follow our social media channels – Yammer, LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram – to see stories throughout the month that highlight our commitment to creating a culture of inclusion. 
Tradition meets innovation: Cognizant celebrates 20 years in Switzerland 
Recently, we announced the opening of a new office in Geneva, Switzerland, coinciding with our 20th anniversary in the region. The new office, which opened this month, is a step to further enhance our consulting and service offerings for companies in French-speaking Switzerland. 
Americas Analyst and Advisor Summit 
Today, we hosted several analysts and advisors comprising some of the top customer influencers. Those in attendance got a great understanding of the work Cognizant is doing, where we're focused, and where our investments are. The energy in the room was amazing! What a great day!
Sustainability as a business strategy
I'm proud to announce Cognizant’s new study, Deep Green, to help businesses embed sustainability thinking into the core of all they do. These businesses will not only shrink their own environmental footprint and those of their stakeholders, but also, they will discover new ways to secure resilient growth. Read the report to learn more about how data, technology and collaboration will drive the next phase of sustainability in business. 
Introducing the new Be.Cognizant
Over the weekend our teams launched a new Be.Cognizant. The new website is just the first step on a path to give you a better communication experience, one that's simple, personalized and built for two-way conversation with your coworkers and leaders. Take a tour of the new site here. 
Cognizant recognized by Forbes for growing momentum in health services
Cognizant was recently recognized by Forbes for delivering technology for health sciences. This recognition is one example of how our healthcare clients are continuing to invest with Cognizant as we strengthen our value proposition at the intersection of industry domain, technology and platforms. Read the full article here. 
Cognizant launches Cognizant Neuro®? AI platform to help companies responsibly deploy generative AI at enterprise scale
I’m excited to announce that Cognizant has launched a generative AI platform – Cognizant Neuro®? AI – offering enterprises a secure, responsible, and scalable pathway to confidently navigate the complex AI landscape Cognizant. Learn more here. 
Fortune Magazine names us among the top 25 most innovative boards
I'm proud to share we have been named #19 on Fortune's Modern Board 25 list for 2023 based on criteria that include the expertise, independence, diversity, and tenure of our board membership. View the full ranking on Fortune's website.
Cognizant and Google Cloud expand alliance to bring AI to enterprise clients
Excited to be partnering with Google Cloud to accelerate the adoption of generative AI by businesses globally. Our investments in developing generative AI capabilities include launching the Cognizant Google Cloud AI University to train 25,000 Cognizant professionals and clients and opening a series of Google Cloud AI Innovation hubs in Bangalore, London, and San Francisco. Cognizant will play a critical role in supporting the global shift to responsible AI use. Learn more about our partnership here.

To share on your social channels, click the below links:
Cognizant named a leader for Intelligent Process Automation Solutions by Everest Group
I am proud to announce that Cognizant has again been named a Leader in Everest Group's Intelligent Process Automation (IPA) PEAK Matrix® 2023. This recognition reaffirms our commitment to our customers and highlights the strengths of our customer-centric approach, proprietary Neuro® suite, and adaptability. Learn more here.
Accelerating investments in Generative AI
I had the opportunity to connect with the Economic Times while in India and again after earnings last night. I’m proud of how they positioned Cognizant and what we are doing to advance our technology both inside and outside Cognizant.
Unlocking the potential of Generative AI
With Cognizant’s brand platform defined by the words “intuition engineered,” AI and automation are core to our DNA. We recently launched Neuro IT Operations, a next-generation platform that brings new levels of automation and intelligence to applications and infrastructure operations. This platform, coupled with our prior automation investments in people and tools, will provide a strong foundation from which to leverage the power of automation and AI for our clients and our entire organization.

I’m extremely excited by the potential of recent breakthroughs in Generative AI that can help us fundamentally transform our clients’ businesses while accelerating their productivity and thereby driving significant impact. I believe the impact of ChatGPT ushers in a new era in which chatbot applications will generate creative content. GitHub Co-Pilot is another example of the power of Generative AI to perform the role of “companion programmer.”

As we’ve seen with prior technology advances, these potential benefits also require attention to security, compliance, sustainability, and model biases to assure safe and responsible implementation.

Click here to learn more about the three key areas that will enable us to become the leader in AI and automation.
Announcing Cognizant Skygrade™?: A Multi-Hybrid Cloud and Edge Integrated Management Platform for Comprehensive Cloud Transformation
Excited to announce the launch of Cognizant Skygrade™?, our new multi-hybrid cloud and edge management platform. This integrated, industry-focused solution will help clients transition to modern cloud-native architectures and streamline their cloud management operations, accelerating their pace of business innovation.

Huge congratulations to our teams for developing this breakthrough platform! To learn more, click here.
Nike expands relationship with Cognizant to manage its global technology operations
Today, Cognizant announced a new agreement to transform and support the technology operations of Nike, the world's leading designer, marketer, and distributor of authentic athletic footwear, apparel, equipment, and accessories.

Building on the companies' 14-year history of collaboration, this new agreement will consolidate several of Nike's existing IT support functions with Cognizant serving Nike across 230+ locations in more than 40 countries. Cognizant will support the company's customers, partners, as well as its 70,000 employees through three key areas of technology operations: Multilingual IT Customer Service, Deskside and Dispatch Depot, as well as Application and Infrastructure Support.

This is a game-changing win for our Retail team as we expand our partnership to manage global technology operations for Nike to drive exceptional customer, partner and employee experiences by leveraging AI, hyper-automation and process re-engineering. Learn more here.
Creating a grassroots innovation movement
Innovation is not something that only a few people in our company do. The innovative drive lives within all of us. Given the scale and diversity of our global teams, we have the potential to harvest an abundance of ideas, big and small, that can contribute to our clients’ success and move our company forward.

I’m excited to announce that we’re relaunching and broadening a highly productive Continuous Improvement & Innovation (CII) program under a new name: Bluebolt, a reference to “a bolt from the blue,” meaning something important that can come from anyone or anywhere. Solving problems, looking for unmet or latent client needs, challenging the status quo, imagining a better future—these are all aspects of operating with a growth mindset.

Bluebolt will serve as Cognizant’s innovation engine, fueled by your ideas. It will leverage the CII program’s infrastructure, processes, and methods, along with resources from the bench, to help us convert ideas into working prototypes and from there seek to monetize these ideas by generating value for clients.

For more insight into what I’ve been hearing from clients and why I believe Bluebolt holds such promise for all of us, I invite you to watch my conversation with Gaurav Chand in which we talk about the power of building a grassroots innovation movement and creating a large repository of innovation assets for our clients. 
Horizon Healthcare Services selects Cognizant to support its government healthcare programs for 1.2 million members
Cognizant has been selected by Horizon Healthcare Services, Inc., New Jersey's oldest and largest health insurer, to support its government healthcare programs. As part of a 7-year renewal agreement, Cognizant will manage Horizon's claims processing, encounters submissions to the state, provider configuration, and enrollment services for its 1.2 million Medicaid and Dual Eligible Special Needs Plan (D-SNP) members.

Cognizant will leverage its TriZetto healthcare products suite to provide end-to-end support for Horizon, including hosting the insurer's operations on its Facets platform. By utilizing advanced automation solutions, Cognizant will help Horizon expedite the claims payment process and ensure accuracy in support of excellent member-provider experiences. Learn more about this exciting win for our Healthcare team here. 
Global Business Services (GBS) Finance Team named Best of the Year
I’m excited to share that our Global Business Services (GBS) Finance Team was named “Best Finance Team of the Year” and our India CFO P K Hari Hara Subramanian was named “Best CFO – IT” at the third annual India CFO Awards in Delhi.

This prestigious award focuses on finance teams at companies of varying sizes operating across industries in India. The panel of judges included the Joint Secretary, Ministry of External Affairs, Government of India, as well as the CFOs of several large Indian and multinational corporations.

Our India Finance Leadership Team was recognized for their exemplary work in areas such as people engagement, women empowerment, learning and development initiatives, hybrid work options, and outreach to our communities. PK was honored for his leadership in building a future-proof finance organization that excels at transforming financial processes for greater efficiency, developing and engaging people, driving diversity and inclusion, and promoting ESG activities.

In my view, our global Finance organization, under Jan Siegmund’s leadership, ranks among the very best in the world. Congratulations to our entire GBS Finance Team and their leaders!
FCCI modernizes claims operations through new cloud migration with Cognizant and Guidewire
Today, Cognizant and Guidewire announced the modernization of claim operations for FCCI Insurance Group (FCCI), helping the regional property and casualty insurer to reduce claims processing times and costs and allow agents to focus on improving their customer experiences. FCCI selected Cognizant for our expertise in conducting cloud migration assessments and implementing Guidewire products. With a dedicated Guidewire team, Cognizant has played a crucial role in modernizing property and casualty insurance companies' business processes and technology operations. Learn more here.
100 clients in 100 days? ?
I am thrilled to announce that today I met my commitment of meeting 100 clients within my first 100 days! I spent the day in Toronto, Canada, where I had the pleasure of meeting with two clients – both in the Retail, Consumer Goods, Travel & Hospitality (RCGTH) space. It has been so helpful to spend this time with clients, hearing directly from them what they like about Cognizant and the opportunities for us to improve. Across the board, clients have shared that we have a unique culture, one that is client-centric, and how our associates continuously go beyond the specifications of the job to make sure they're delivering for clients. Thank you for always showing up and going the extra mile. I couldn't be more excited to continue to lead this organization toward growth, becoming the employer of choice and operating with excellence across the board.
Cognizant Named a Leader in Capital Markets Operations
I'm proud to share that the independent analyst firm Everest Group recognized Cognizant as the lead player in digital operations in Capital Markets covering specialized areas like predictive analytics, ESG profiling, regulatory compliance and adapting new-age technologies like distributed ledgers. Learn more here.

To share on your social channels click the below links:
Cognizant and Boehringer Ingelheim collaborate on unified cloud platform to speed the delivery of life saving therapies
Today, Cognizant announced it is working with Boehringer Ingelheim, a leading research-driven biopharmaceutical company, to advance the speed and quality of medicinal therapy development. Leveraging the Veeva Development Cloud, Cognizant will help Boehringer Ingelheim to unify medicinal development processes and data into a connected technology ecosystem, enhancing collaboration across clinical, regulatory, and quality functions.

Learn more about this great win for our Life Sciences team.

To share on your social channels click the below links: 
Cognizant and Microsoft collaborate to bring Microsoft cloud-based technology solutions to the healthcare market

I am delighted to announce an expansion of our long-standing healthcare collaboration with Microsoft, to give healthcare payers and providers easy access to cutting-edge technology solutions, streamlined claims management, and improved interoperability to optimize business operations and deliver better patient and member experiences. Learn more.
UK Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs signs £74M contract with Cognizant
Today we announced Cognizant has been chosen by the UK’s Department for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) to support the delivery of business change and provide improved services to the government organization. The two-year contract will help Defra enhance its supply chain model under the Application Development and Maintenance Support services program. Learn more about this great win for our U.K. team.
Cognizant named a top provider of healthcare cloud-based administrations
I am excited to announce that Cognizant has been recognized as a Leader in healthcare cloud-based core administration by analyst Everest Group. In its review of 14 IT healthcare service providers, Everest Group recognized Cognizant’s TriZetto practice as a Leader for its extensive portfolio of services, strong vertical and technical capabilities, and positive client feedback. To learn more, click here. You can also share the news on your social channels by leveraging the below links.

Empowering businesses to run themselves through AI-led IT operations
I am excited to announce that Cognizant’s new Neuro IT Operations platform puts AI-powered automation at the center of IT operations and enables clients to succeed in the next wave of digital transformation. Enterprises with large and ever-growing technology estates are often faced with increasing run costs and high demands on talent to keep IT operations running effectively. As risks to service availability and uptime increase, there’s little room to focus on what truly drives business value – innovation. This a defining challenge across industries that requires fresh thinking to solve, and Cognizant is committed to doing just that for our clients using a combination of state-of-the-art technology, complemented by Cognizant’s human expertise. Read the full article here and see below for a list of resources. 

Cognizant launches climate education
Today we launched our climate education training for all associates. I’m particularly excited about this training as I know our clients want to have important climate conversations. This training raises our awareness and prepares us to have those critical conversations. Combatting climate change requires digital transformation; as digital transformation experts, we must lead our clients in this space.

Take the Great Climate System course today – it only takes an hour.
Cognizant secures two coveted D&I awards
Congratulations to the entire Diversity & Inclusion team, which recently received two World 50 I&D Impact Awards: I&D Team of the Year and our very own Shameka Young was honored with the I&D Leader of the Year Award. The World 50 I&D Impact Awards spotlight the incredible strides organizations have made to turn diversity & inclusion strategy into measurable and lasting impact. The award recipients were selected by a panel of independent judges.

I am extremely proud of the progress we are making in this space and look forward to working together as we continue to advance and enhance our diversity profiles.

Video link: I&D Impact Awards 2023: I&D Team of the Year Winner (vimeo.com)
Cognizant named one of America's Most Innovative Companies by Fortune
I’m excited to announce that Cognizant has been named one of America's Most Innovative Companies 2023 by Fortune and Statista (the world-leading industry ranking provider). We join 300 companies selected for “transforming industries from the inside out.”

Cognizant is ranked 64 out of 300 and joins a technology category that includes Microsoft, Oracle, IBM, Dell, and Apple, among others. Companies were evaluated on their product and services innovation, process innovation, and innovation culture, which measures how a company fosters a spirit of entrepreneurship and creativity and enables teams to implement new ideas. We should all be proud of this recognition. You can find America’s Most Innovative Companies list here.

Caliber 2023 kickoff
I was delighted to have a fireside chat with Joerose Tharakan, Director of Partner Development at Microsoft, on the strategic partnership between Cognizant and Microsoft, the future of the tech services industry, and upskilling in the "age of AI." What a great way to kick off Caliber 2023 — a joint yearly enablement effort to target consultants across the globe eager to learn and get certified on Microsoft Cloud technologies, driven in part by Microsoft and Cognizant Learning and Development.

Connecting with associates in San Francisco
It was great to catch up with clients and our amazing teams in the Bay Area this week! 

UK&I Fireside Chat 
What a wonderful time in London! I was thrilled to engage with associates during our fireside chat with SVP and UK&I Head Rohit Gupta. Thank you for your hospitality.

Simplifying the business for a growth mindset
Today we announced an organizational change to help simplify the company’s objectives, operations and organizational structure. This change begins with the company’s performance objectives, which we’ve consolidated to three interrelated business imperatives that, when executed, will produce a self-reinforcing virtuous cycle. These objectives are 1) accelerating commercial momentum for growth, 2) becoming the employer of choice in our industry, and 3) simplifying our operations. I encourage you to read the full announcement on Be.Cognizant to learn more about the recent org change which will bring us closer to our clients and associates.
Forbes Magazine names Cognizant Consulting one of America’s Best Management Consulting Firms
I'm delighted to announce that Cognizant Consulting has been recognized by Forbes as one of America’s Best Management Consulting Firms in 2023. This accolade reinforces Cognizant Consulting’s reputation for excellence in developing solutions from an engineering perspective, as well as through a business and technology lens. Our expertise can be seen across multiple industries, including, automating point-of-sale data in the media industry, accelerating pharma market share analytics, and improving healthcare operations and decision-making. Learn more here.
AWS names Cognizant a Travel and Hospitality Consulting Competency Partner
I'm proud to share that Cognizant has achieved Amazon Web Services (AWS) Travel and Hospitality Consulting Competency status for its ability to deliver services and solutions leveraging AWS technologies. The Competency program recognizes Cognizant’s capabilities and expertise to design and implement cloud, digital transformation, revenue management, customer engagement, Point-of-Sale, and reservation system solutions. These solutions improve a client’s ability to deliver a better experience for customers while delivering more cost-efficient operations. Learn more about this achievement here.
Building relationships to strengthen ESG and workforce skilling
Over the last two days, I had the pleasure of meeting with state representatives and CEOs at Business Roundtable. I sat in on discussions like how the landscape for ESG and corporate sustainability investments has evolved, and learned more about the group's education and workforce policy initiatives. I'm excited to continue the conversation to discuss how businesses can partner with state executives on workforce development to help advance apprenticeship programs, workforce-driven immigration reform and more.
Cognizant recognized as a Market Leader in Automation Services by HFS Research
I'm thrilled to share that Cognizant has been named a Horizon 3 Market Leader in Automation Services by independent analyst firm HFS Research (HFS). Companies recognized as a Horizon 3 Market Leader have distinct capabilities to drive synergies and new sources of value across client organizations, in addition to the cost reductions, productivity improvements, and improved experiences that Horizon 1 and 2 vendors can provide. The HFS report highlights Cognizant's Automation practice, its industry orientation, and its customer-centric approach as essential to its success. Learn more here.
Cognizant engaged by Volkswagen Group Ireland to transform its digital customer experience
So excited to announce that Cognizant has been selected by Volkswagen Group Ireland — the multinational automotive manufacturer headquartered in Wolfsburg, Germany — to transform its digital customer service landscape. Cognizant will also provide VWG Ireland with advanced insights into customer journeys and conversations. This is intended to improve reporting, advance business decisions, and drive next best actions to provide a personalized experience to customers and recommend next steps, services or products. In addition, Cognizant will work together with VWG Ireland for continuous improvement, feature enhancements and process innovation of the CX platform. This move will enable VWG Ireland to unify its legacy contact center functionalities, streamline its customer service to reduce maintenance costs and improve efficiency, while gaining a holistic customer 360-degree view. Learn more here. 
Reflections from India: Cognizant Outreach is changing people's lives
I’m recently back from my first visit to India as CEO, where I listened to and learned from thousands of our associates in several cities across the country while also engaging with clients, virtually and in person. The one thing that stood out were the inspiring stories of people from underserved communities who have been mentored, skilled, and trained by volunteers of Cognizant’s Outreach program. The passion and generosity of our associate volunteers who have dedicated more than 150,000 hours over the past year to help transform lives in local communities reaffirms my belief that businesses are the biggest platforms for societal change.  I met school children who were able to access online learning through laptops and devices donated by Cognizant, students from economically weaker sections who were coached from class 9th onwards to reach their goals of getting into top tier engineering colleges, young women from rural areas of India whom our volunteers upskilled for technology jobs…hearing these and more stories of people overcoming extraordinary hardships and changing their future with support from our volunteers was priceless. Thanks to all our Outreach volunteers and leaders globally for their incredible work and for making volunteerism a unique differentiator at Cognizant.

See more photos on my LinkedIn post and leave a comment to let me know how you've improved people's lives through Outreach, no matter where you are in the world. 
Cognizant plans to open a new office in Malaysia and increase its workforce to 5000 by 2026
I'm excited to share that Cognizant announced its new office in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia will open by the end of Q2 2023 and increase its workforce to 5,000 within the next three years. The new office comprises of a Centre of Excellence (CoE) and 17 offshore development centers (ODCs). This investment in Cognizant Malaysia validates the critical role it plays in Cognizant’s global delivery network and growing suite of services that support clients from a range of sectors in their digitalization journey. 
Celebrating International Women's Day
Today, I had the opportunity to connect with our women in Coimbatore, one of our sites in India with our highest gender diversity (49% women).

Listen to my discussion with CPO Becky Schmitt where we discuss the desired associate experience regarding gender equity, and answer some of your pre-submitted questions.

Also, be sure to check out the International Women's Day microsite for a full list of events happening across the organization throughout the month.
Engaging with associates in Bangalore
What an exciting day in Bangalore! The buzzing site has such diverse representation across industries and service lines! Thank you for your warm welcome and your engagement during our town hall. 
Engaging with associates in Pune
I'm thrilled to continue my listening tour with a trip to Pune. The vibrant energy reminded me of our entrepreneurial spirit, bold ambitions and strong camaraderie.
Connecting with associates in Hyderabad
What an energizing day in Hyderabad, a city that is very special to me. I lived there until 2014 when I moved to the United States. Today’s town hall was packed with smiling faces and a sense of excitement filled the air. While I spent the day in Hyderabad, we had two other teams visit Kochi and Bangalore. Rajesh hosted the local team in Kochi and Surya met with the team in Bangalore. I’m looking forward to visiting both cities next week and meeting the teams. It’s so energizing to be back in India wearing the Cognizant brand. Thank you for the warm welcome.
Connecting with associates in Chennai
Today, I had the opportunity to engage with more than 1,000 associates in Chennai. I enjoyed answering your questions and getting to know what’s on your mind. I look forward to continuing my listening tour to help us become our industry’s employer of choice.
DSB selects Cognizant as sole offshore supplier of IT consulting services
Today we announced that DSB, Denmark’s state railway operator, has selected Cognizant as the sole provider of offshore IT consulting services to accelerate, scale and further improve its ability to deliver against its digital strategy.

The multi-year agreement is aimed at extending DSB’s data analytics, IoT and software development capabilities to better manage and plan availability of trains, have a better understanding of peak demand for services, gain insights into passenger sentiments, and enable predictive maintenance of its fleet. Congratulations to the team!
Cognizant brings Data Intelligence Toolkit to Snowflake’s Telecom Data Cloud
I'm proud to share that Cognizant recently announced the launch of our Data Intelligence Toolkit as a pre-built solution for the Telecom Data Cloud, launched by Snowflake, the Data Cloud company. The Telecom Data Cloud unites Snowflake’s platform, Snowflake-and-partner-delivered solutions, and industry-specific datasets.

The Telecom Data Cloud is designed to help telecommunications service providers accelerate digital transformation for the Telecom industry, enable superior customer experiences, maximize operational efficiency, and monetize new data services. Learn more here.
Our purpose in action: Making a lasting impact on healthcare in Africa
In partnership with GSK, one of our key Life Sciences clients, Cognizant collaborated with Africa’s leading health charity, Amref Health Africa, to address the shortage of skilled healthcare workers, sustainably strengthen healthcare systems and increase access to life-saving care through digital transformation. Our multitalented Cognizant team, led by Sathish Manickam, Chief Architect, took on the challenge to develop an integrated, user-friendly and cost-effective platform to help Amref identify training requirements, greatly improve planning and resource allocation and enable more data-driven decision-making. The team spent more than 5,000 hours working with Amref to develop the “single pane of glass” platform, which is already helping to improve the quality of service healthcare workers provide through better visibility of training requirements and enhanced training programs. Click here to read the full story.
Cognizant supports relief efforts in Turkey and Syria
We have all seen the headlines of the horrible earthquake that resulted in utter devastation and widespread suffering across Turkey and Syria earlier this month. Many of our associates have friends and family in this region and as a community of more than 355,000 associates, we want to show our commitment and support for those that have lost loved ones due to this tragedy. I’m pleased to share that Cognizant has donated $150,000 to support relief efforts in the region, including UNICEF USA, World Central Kitchen and the Turkish Red Crescent (the Red Cross affiliate in the region). If you are looking to support local relief efforts we encourage you to support organizations at the local level to make the most impact and reduce any delay. We are keeping this region in our thoughts and prayers as rescue efforts strive to find those who may still be alive and these communities begin their efforts to recover from this disaster.
Business leaders and governors discuss workforce opportunities
Pictured from left to right: Greg Gianforte, Governor of Montana; Brad Smith, Microsoft Vice Chair and President; Ravi Kumar S, CEO of Cognizant; Jennifer Aument, AECOM Transportation Chief Executive.

In a recent panel conversation, I, along with Microsoft Vice Chair and President Brad Smith, and AECOM Transportation Chief Executive Jennifer Aument, had the pleasure of talking to New Jersey Governor Phil Murphy and Montana Governor Greg Gianforte about strategies – including broadband access, digital skills training and apprenticeship programs – to address workforce shortages and ensure workers have the skills required to succeed in a changing job market. I was proud to share Cognizant's commitment to build a strong and vibrant U.S. workforce: "We’ve dedicated $150 million to support education and STEM skills development, and sponsored the [National Governors Association's] Workforce Innovation Network to support states in creating broader digital access. We’ve seen the benefits of private-public partnerships and appreciate NGA gathering us to exchange innovative solutions. Since the U.S. is one of Cognizant’s principal markets, we’re just as committed to investing millions of dollars in our employees’ continuous training, hiring from schools around the country, and upskilling across a range of digital skills."
Connecting with associates around the world
Yesterday, I accomplished one of my main goals: to have the opportunity to speak with all 350,000 associates. I enjoyed answering your questions and getting to know what’s on your mind. If you missed our first all-associate town halls, be sure to view the first and second sessions.
My prediction for 2023
The Wall Street Journal asked business leaders what they see on the horizon. I was humbled to have my viewpoint included: “We see a strong push now to bring AI into business landscapes with the expectation that AI will re-engineer enterprises as completely as enterprise software did three decades ago. Of course, as clients navigate a challenging macro environment now, they need to fund their investments in digital transformation by executing cost and efficiency agendas.”
Knowledge is power
I knew it from the outside and now I’m seeing it from the inside: Our expertise runs deep. Just look at the deal we just announced to help Orica achieve their Net Zero goals. Orica will tap into both our digital and Environmental, Social, Governance (ESG) skills to accelerate development of a platform to report greenhouse gas emissions. Congratulations to the team in Australia on landing this deal!
Cognizant recognized as a leader in 17 analyst reports
In recognition of your expertise, industry analysts named Cognizant a technology leader across industries in 17 analyst reports in Q4. In 2022, we were recognized by industry analysts in 53 different categories. View the Be.Cognizant article to see the reports and visit Linkedin and Twitter to like and share.
Earnings ? Client Visits ????
Pictured from left to right: Annie Lai, Director, Investor Relations; Ravi Kumar S, CEO; Tyler Scott, VP, Investor Relations; Jan Siegmund, CFO. 

My first earnings with Cognizant is in the books and I added four additional clients to the ticker. It’s great to hear what’s on our clients' minds and how we can help.
Behind the scenes with Meera
I really enjoyed my time connecting with Meera Krishnamurthy, our leader for the Banking & Financial Service business unit. Feel free to listen in on our conversation!
In the office with purpose
On Monday, the UK team opened their doors to the new UK headquarters, located at 280 Bishopgate in the heart of London. Not only is it a great location, but it embodies our focus on bringing the ideals of ESG to the lives and wellbeing of our associates, all while meeting the highest levels of energy efficiency. Congratulations team!
Preparing for earnings
This week I’ve spent a lot of time with our incredible Finance and Investor Relations team. We’re preparing to report our Q4/full year earnings next Thursday.
Our clients want a partner, and digitization and automation are on their minds
In my first 13 days with Cognizant, I’ve met with five clients. While from very different industries - public sector, banking & financial services, retail – they shared a lot of the same sentiments. They are looking for a partner, not just an IT service provider, that offers them unique insights and a point of view on what they can do to improve their operations. They also emphasized the importance of digitization and automation. It was great to know we are on the same page!
Listening and learning
Over recent days I’ve met about 1,000 client-facing associates who attended the recent Cognizant Growth Summit in Abu Dhabi. I’ve been listening to understand more about Cognizant’s unique culture and how we can collectively become our industry’s employer of choice.
The journey begins -- join me
Within my first few days with Cognizant, I made a public commitment to do everything possible to meet at least 100 clients in my first 100 days, along with all associates. I want to bring you along on my journey and share insights from these connects. Along the way, I will keep you abreast of my progress each week, all the way through to my 100th day – April 24. I started this journey by meeting the Cognizant Executive Leadership Team.
I’m honored and humbled to join this great company
