As Cognizant’s CFO and Executive Sponsor of the Embrace LGBTQ+ affinity group, Jan Siegmund leads the company toward growth while inspiring associates to show up as their authentic selves. In the interview below, Jan reveals the unlikely path that led him to a career in finance, along with the three “lighthouses” that guide him in his work every day. You’ll also learn about his vision for inclusion within the company and why he recently rode his bike from Boston all the way to New York. 

Q: You were a CFO before taking the role at Cognizant, but you haven’t spent your career in traditional finance roles. How did you become a CFO?  

A: Completely by surprise! I always loved economics and studied it. My father worked for the Federal Reserve bank of Germany. But I wasn’t a traditional accountant. I view myself as a strategic change agent with an affinity for numbers. When I learned the expectations of the role, though, I saw that my background could actually help me succeed and I got very excited.  

The lesson is that careers take unexpected paths. Be open to opportunities when they offer themselves. 
 
Q: Most people have a general idea of a CFO’s role. How would you describe what you do if you were having lunch with an acquaintance? 

A: I like to say I have three “lighthouses” that guide me.  

All of us can get lost in the daily jungle of meetings and decisions. Having “lighthouses” make sure your work supports your goals. 
  
Q: You proudly bring yourself to work each day and you’re the executive sponsor of our Embrace LGBTQ+ group here at Cognizant. When you were in talks to become CFO, what conversations did you have with leadership about what you wanted to see Cognizant do when it came to inclusion? 

A: I discussed it in every meeting in my interview process. Will the company value me as a member of the LGBTQ+ community? Are you serious about the support of minorities and inclusion?  

I could see that Cognizant was highly committed to diversity and there was a sincere effort by senior leaders to make even more progress. They viewed me being a gay man as a distinct advantage. I was excited because I knew I could come in at a senior position where I could make a difference.   


Q: Where do you see Cognizant when it comes to LGBTQ+ inclusion?  

A: Inclusion is a high goal. It doesn’t mean to simply tolerate. It means to celebrate different characteristics of the individual. We still have a few steps to go. That has to do with being a global company, and different countries have different states of integration and acceptance.  

I want everyone in Cognizant to feel comfortable bringing their full selves to work every day. The Embrace leadership team and I are proud that we achieved a 100% rating in the U.S. on the Human Rights Campaign’s Best Places to Work. We also made great progress last year in celebrating Pride in India. So, one of the priority areas for Embrace is to launch initiatives so that everybody feels comfortable to be as out as I can in my position, recognizing that I’m quite privileged in my role.  
 
Q: What is your message to associates who might be hesitant to bring their full selves or their diversity to work? 

A: First, everybody should take their time to find a comfortable space. For LGBTQ+ associates, there is no mandate to be out at work. It’s an option. I will say, for me it was one of the best decisions I ever made because I felt that by being out and authentic, I found people had more trust in me.  

To take the question in a slightly different direction, I think it’s crucial that we have a large set of allies supporting our diverse communities. I want to give a big shout out to our Embrace and LGBTQ+ allies in India. If you are a young team member who wants to come out and you see an ally with a rainbow flag at work, just a natural, small step like that, that signal is so important for the person who wants to come out.  
Also, every associate needs to understand that HR and senior leadership have a zero tolerance for discrimination. If there are situations where you or a colleague doesn’t feel accepted, feels bullied or feels uncomfortable, reach out to your HR partner.  
 
Q: What are some of your favorite interactions that you’ve had at Cognizant that give you pride in being a leader here?  

A: The most heartwarming interactions have been with our trans community. They are true trailblazers for our cause because the trans community faces another level of discrimination. It takes a lot of confidence and a lot of strength to work every day. Particularly in India, there is a vocal group of associates and allies who inspire me every day. The spotlight really should be on those associates who are doing it out every day in the front lines.   
 
Q: We’ve been evolving rapidly as a company during your 2+ years here. As someone who is part of our strategy at the highest levels, what would you say to associates who are wondering where we’re going as a company or their place in it?   

A: It’s all about growth. I’ve been convinced from Day 1 that Cognizant will be successful. We have a fantastic history of success. We are famous for our client centricity. We have an entrepreneurial, can-do culture. We have built great capabilities across the globe.  

I feel super energized about the years to come because we’ll be focusing on growth. We have Ravi as our new CEO, a proven industry leader with a fantastic growth record and deep understanding of our industry. Growth is going to be exciting for our clients because they will want to work with a winner in our industry. Growth is exciting for our associates because it means more opportunities, better development and more career paths. These are good times to be part of Cognizant and I’m ready. I feel energized and I hope everybody else will too.  
 
Q: You recently got into cycling and competed in a fundraising race with other Cognizant associates. What did you enjoy most about it?  
A: Cycle for the Cause is a bike ride from Boston to New York – 275 miles over three days – that raises money to eradicate AIDS. We formed a team of almost 30 riders and support members who raised more than $150,000 as Team Cognizant in our first year of participation. 

It truly changes people’s lives and it’s an amazing team-building event. I hadn’t been on a bike for 10 years! Training with my colleagues creates a camaraderie with a team that is outside your day-to-day work colleagues. Some team members were very ambitious and fast cyclers. Others like me were cycling just for fun, to connect with others and to enjoy the ride. And we also had a group of people who really had to put all their energy together to achieve this. And so many of us did the complete ride without any interruption and made it a personal achievement for themselves. 

It also turned me into a fitness-oriented person because I learned how good I feel when I train regularly. I lost three inches in my waist. 

We’re already recruiting for next year. The Embrace page of Be.Cognizant has registration information. 

It made me feel so proud to see our riders arrive in Manhattan. The Cognizant family came through in our first year and I know the second year will be grand! 
