Congratulations to everyone working to serve our clients, drive growth and maintain our culture—now more than ever. Here’s a sampling of recent wins, captured by the Global Sales Intelligence Cell: 

Deal: A U.S.-based nonprofit healthcare provider tapped us to provide BPO services for claims, membership, and provider operations. The scope also covers software development and maintenance as well as security services.  
Categories: Business Operations, Application Data Management 

Deal: A U.S.-based financial services company awarded us a three-year Minimum Revenue Commitment (MRC) deal to provide a wide range of services that will be decided each year by the client.  

Deal: A U.S.-based health insurance provider selected us to provide BPO services to help improve the user experience for their 1.2 million Medicaid members.  
Categories: Business Operations, Cloud 

Deal: A leading North American bank asked us to help them migrate their data repositories to Azure Cloud over the course of three years.  
Categories: Artificial Intelligence and Analytics, Application Data Management  

Deal: A UK-based public sector enterprise chose us to provide application delivery services for their digital delivery and National Capital and Ecosystem Assessment (NCEA) programs.  
Categories: Artificial Intelligence and Analytics, Digital Engineering, Application Data Management 

Deal: A U.S.-based provider of life insurance, annuity, and investment products tapped us to provide application support and managed services for a wide range of apps and offerings.  
Categories: Quality Engineering and Assurance, Application Data Management, Artificial Intelligence and Analytics  

Deal: A U.S. educational content, technology, and services provider renewed and expanded our existed managed capacity services deal. The scope includes app support and maintenance for their back office and commerce applications as well as infrastructure support for their internal service desk.  
Categories: Digital Engineering, Application Data Management, Cloud 

Deal: A U.S. bank holding company renewed our agreement to provide ongoing IT development and support.  
Categories: Digital Engineering, Quality Engineering and Assurance 
