Co-authored with Nishi Rath

Today we celebrate International Women in Engineering Day where we recognize the amazing work women engineers in Cognizant are doing to make everyday lives better and are truly living our purpose.

To commemorate this day, we spoke to some of Cognizant’s women in engineering who shared their experience as an engineer at Cognizant, memorable projects they've worked on, their growth and development, their support systems and people who stood by them as they navigated many milestones in their personal and professional lives and their advice for the next generation engineers at Cognizant!


In my long journey with Cognizant, there has been multiple projects that has left me with great learning and immense satisfaction. In one of my very early engineering projects, I was assigned to maintenance and development of a critical application which could have very minimal downtime. Apart from enhancing the application for newer features, I also had the responsibility of analyzing any downtime or failure in exchanging of critical data between systems. The project was not only technically challenging but also re-emphasized that how critical our support was to enable clients to run their business.
My growth and development in Cognizant has been very natural and seamless, always rewarding for the performance. My personal milestones had no impact on the career progression because my managers and co-workers were very inclusive and provided me challenging opportunities that I grabbed and performed. I think the culture and people in Cognizant have immensely helped me grow. My managers, co-workers, my team -- together they created an ecosystem that allowed me to thrive.
I have always believed that we should go after opportunities and not wait for them to come our way. Once you take on an opportunity, stay on top of it, take full accountability until you deliver on the outcomes. This helps establish credibility that helps naturally attract the next set of opportunities. Also, to understand what opportunities exist we need to connect and network.

The initial days of my career with Cognizant was challenging right on floor into a transformation program working with a new team of just trained Agile team every day with customers moving from doing agile to being agile. Coaching the team on agile mindset and delivering the critical program, collaborating with clients and multiple vendors involved. The first MVP and release was a great success well applauded by customers for on-time delivery with highest customer satisfaction. That journey is still fresh on mind and is a motivation for many of us till date.
"Always Thriving, Never Settling" - grab the opportunities as you see or create opportunities to sail has always been the mindset which leaders keep installing in our minds. No one stops you from moving along, pushing us above the bar.
My dad has been my real supporting lifeline throughout my career. From my first step to join work as a software professional he has constantly motivated me and helped me overcome challenges.  My dad who is a retired school principal with masters in science and maths not just taught me science as a core engineering subject but as a life lesson and ways to use science across any activity we do. My engineering career has reached this stage only with his guidance and support. Any woman after having a child always has a question to continue or stop the professional career. When I had to decide on that question 10 years back, my dad instantly planned to retire and spend his days with his granddaughter supporting me with her upbringing and made a constant decision that my engineering career should not be paused for a phase in my life and helped me stand where I am today.
To all the young women aspiring to pursue a career in engineering at Cognizant, you are at the right spot to grow - nurtured with most efficient women leaders across various lines who are true role models supporting on your journey. Pause and start the journey as needed but never attempt to cease. Be yourself and live for self.




I've been with Cognizant since April 2019 and in the past 4 years I've got multiple opportunities to play various roles such as an EDL, Agile Transformation Coach/Consultant, and currently as an Agile Transformation Strategist, leading the enterprise-wide transformation for DnB (Dun and Bradstreet).
I remember working with leading provider of reinsurance where we initiated the agile transformation in one of the critical and highly visible portfolios, at the start of the pandemic. I started the transformation in the portfolio and was able to show significant improvements on delivery, collaboration, and the agile ways of working within a span of four months. The clients were delighted, I became part of their transformation COE, and I was offered to play the role of a transformation coach for three large tribes (approx. 200 folks of globally distributed, multi-vendor teams).
With this we were able to establish Cognizant’s footprints on agile transformation in the other portfolios, won new business opportunities, and Cognizant became one of their key strategic partners for their major initiatives. I should say that I got the best opportunity to use my skills and capabilities, received an amazing support from the account leaders (SBU Head, EDP, CP, EDL), appreciable collaboration with my fellow agile Coaches (from Cognizant) in the account, and it was indeed a great teamwork. The credit goes to the entire Cognizant team.
The Propel program which I completed in 2021 is a good leadership program for women where I got the opportunity to connect with the senior leaders, learned valuable tips and techniques to enhance my leadership skills.  
My parents have been my great support throughout my engineering career and especially my dad who has been very supportive and encouraging. I don’t have any role model as such, but I’ve got inspiration from one of my previous client managers and from one of my immediate bosses in my previous organization and in Cognizant. I’m inspired by their soft skills, showing warmth, being a people person, and all this has earned them a great respect from their colleagues, have made them influential leaders.
I’m more of a self-driven person, I keep raising my bar, would always look for challenging opportunities, and hence I mostly don’t look for an external motivation or even a validation from others. I choose the opportunities and my roles based on - my passion and interests, what I believe in, what my values are, where I could make an impact, and I try to put my best efforts in them.
 I would like to share a couple of suggestions/recommendations from my experience:

I would like to share one of my favorite quotes by Maya Angelou - “Each time a woman stands up for herself, she stands up for all women”.

My entire career in Cognizant has been in testing. All my efforts within Cognizant Projects/Engagements were to ensure that the client is able to do the testing of their products with accuracy within right time to meet the market demands. While meeting the client requirements, I would also ensure that Cognizant is gaining good margins and improve in business. I worked to groom our GenC associates to build the talent pool internally. This pool was utilized for internal fulfilment of the requirements.
Cognizant policies around giving equal opportunities supported me to browse different roles. My managers throughout my Cognizant career journey have been very supportive. Their guidance helped me to balance my personal responsibilities along with professional responsibilities.
Our women leaders with in CMT QEA group are a source of inspiration for me. The way they handle large proposals and account responsibilities while ensuring they take care of their health and family is inspiring. Whenever I felt low in my career journey, I looked at them for inspiration.
I have learnt that everyone faces challenges in life. We must not see the immediate situation and make large decisions instead we must take decisions by looking at our dreams. Do not hesitate to take support from family and your managers at work to plan to get you through the challenges.

I get a sense of satisfaction when I can rectify something that has gone horribly wrong. One such project was the multi-tower project in Insurance domain, under BPM practice from APAC. It was highly escalated, and the 100+ team totally burnt-out and demotivated when I joined. Most of the team had to work from a location, which was remote from the city with challenging commute system. There were inter team conflicts, and leads spent more time providing justifications to leadership and customer than doing project work. More effort was already consumed than budgeted for. Cutting a long story short, at the end we met all the milestones, the team collaboration was praise-worthy, and Cognizant got repeat business in the subsequent year.
A similar turn-around story is the project for a popular brand in the Salesforce practice, under the retail domain. Here the business spoke only Deutsche, which was an additional blocker. However, we won the subsequent support contract last year and recently won the RFP for the next run.
Learnings are most from escalated projects, be it stakeholder management, team building, time management.
EPS practice is always mindful of diversity. In my career of 12 years with Cognizant, I have always been entrusted with large, complex programs. I had the privilege to lead many initiatives on behalf of my practice (including performance management, delivery excellence, people championship etc) – each of which was enriching. Among the initiatives, the recent PROPEL program was an eye opener. It was a self-discovery journey – and helping me in nurturing my career path.
I always had very supportive mentors and supervisors in Cognizant. I would like to call out three names - Sajid Hussain from Salesforce, Krishna Prasad Yerramilli (KP) from GDO, Vivek Agarwal from BPM, who encourage growth of women leaders in their portfolio. First and foremost, they lead by example. I am influenced by the way they operate – their positivity, their leadership. The relationship with their team is built on trust and shared values. They are alert about the needs of their team, and always encourage open conversations (on goals, careers etc.). I have been entrusted with many responsibilities by them, and they always helped me propel forward.
My advise to aspiring women in engineering would be to work hard, work smart, build your network, and support system, be vocal about your asks, keep regular connect with your supervisor, do not ask for favours, take very-very good care of your health and most importantly enjoy every minute of your life!

The project for a leading American cloud computing company is always special to me where I got the chance to work with diverse skilled associates and we all worked as one family for years!  Many of them are still with Cognizant and their contribution towards the growth of our organization continues. Holding the GPOY trophy for this project is one of the proudest moments.
We have lots of internal communities and forums to help and support women employees. I was proud to be part of Cognizant’s leadership development program “Propel” Initiative, which helps to build strong women leaders. This initiative helped me with a community where we support each other and build a leadership brand and helped to expand my strategic network internally and externally.
I had a chance to work with many leaders in my career. I would like to mention and extend my sincere thanks to Senthil and Arun for their mentorship. They were always supportive and pitched in whenever I needed help. I was always amazed by their skills on staying top of things, critical thinking, decisiveness. I grew up working with them and it helped me to shape up myself on these critical traits.
Cognizant is a great place to work for women associates. Women in Cognizant have equal rights, responsibilities and opportunities. Cognizant is committed to the principles of non-discrimination and we celebrate diversity and inclusion across our workforce, in our communities and partnerships. Technical excellence, commitment and bit of hard work and work life balance can make wonders here.

My client, one of the leading US Insurer, is converting some of its Policy Admin systems (COTS as well in-house admins) to another COTS product. Cognizant is responsible for end-to-end integration, along with SME support for both admins as well as interfacing applications in a managed service model. In 2021, one of the in-house Annuity admin was converted; my SME team assisted clients with their conversion needs (analysis reports, reconciliation reports, extracts), planning all cutover activities at client's system (with backout plan) and ensuring soft as well as hard decommission post successful cutover. This was a major accomplishment as there were hardly any Client SME and entire SME support was handled by us. This success story ensured we continue to support clients in their conversion journey till 2025.    
There are multiple programs that I recollect during my stint at Cognizant, yet there are 2 specific initiatives that have touched my heart:
Over the last decade, the wave of digital transformation has spread across industries. This has meant we as knowledge workers need to constantly keep ourselves abreast of these changes and sharpen our skillsets to ride these waves of change. This is where Digital Transformation for Program Managers and Delivery Managers helped me as a manger to hone my abilities to identify and manage large scale transformation programs.
PROPEL – Accelerating a Diverse Leadership Program is the other initiative that I remember has helped me understand my strengths and boost my confidence.
They say that behind every successful man is a woman. The complementary saying should read as Behind every successful woman is a supportive family at home and supportive mentors at office. My sincere thanks to:

My advise to women engineers aspiring to pursue a great career at Cognizant would be


I'm glad to have remarkable Women and Men Leaders in Cognizant who are empowering women scale to new heights in both professional and personal space which significantly impacts economic growth, corporate success, and human development.

It’s been almost 5 years in Cognizant, getting strengthened day by day.  Firstly, I am thankful for the leaders to have trust in me and for the opportunities I’m gaining in Cognizant.
Project management is a multidisciplinary field that requires a combination of technical skills, leadership abilities and effective communication.
Inner engineering plays a significant role in empowering women by providing them with the tools and mindset needed to overcome societal barriers, embrace their unique strengths, and excel in their chosen fields. Through inner engineering practices, I got the benefit of self- reflection, problem-solving, streamline processes, being collaborative where we can develop confidence, resilience, improving leadership skills to navigate the challenges faced and to succeed in project management roles.
Best thing is to upskill us, acquiring knowledge from co-workers and cultivate in our own style and being competitor for ourselves, which in turn will gain confidence and strengthen our IQ/EQ wider day by day. Also, via collaboration by sharing the learnings to team members and vice versa, helps to build strong relationships that drive engagement and productivity. Never pulldown yourself with negative comments/feedback, even it affects us in any situation, being optimistic will raise our thoughts and action like a Phoenix bird and will be routed to right direction.
Setting clear Goals and Objectives can align the team's efforts and measure progress effectively. Effective communication is at the heart of successful project management/or any field. If we focus on developing clear and concise communication strategies, ensuring that information flows smoothly between team members, stakeholders, and clients. Also, proactively managing stakeholders' expectations and addressing their concerns, we can build trust and credibility, leading to improved project outcomes.
There have been many instances where excellent women and male leads and colleagues have inspired me in Cognizant to gain the above wisdom. Massive thanks to everyone.

As part of my engagement with a leading bank, I joined with two members from the bank and gave presentation in various vendors on the Target Operating Model. That was one of my memorable moments as like a true partner we worked with client.
My growth curve started growing north since I joined Cognizant and in every step I had mentors to show me the right way and perform to achieve project and personal aspiration.
My brother is my inspiration since I was a young kid, and he is the biggest supporting pillar of my life. Apart from my elder brother at home, I have always looked up to many seniors at Cognizant like Mandar Kelkar, Navneet Chola, Akash Das, Harsha Hegde, Rinka De, Bhaskar Chellappa, Prasad Kameswara and few more.
Life is always a juggle between managing personal and professional needs. Take some time out for yourself daily, sit back and think which area needs more attention from you for that day or during that period. Accordingly plan your day and ride your journey. Women have to take few decisions in various stages of our life and act on it. But never let your dreams die. Always remember…”If you think you can do, you will definitely achieve it”, this determination power is there in every woman and we should use this power to lead a life of our choice.

We also asked our male allies to share their thoughts for INWED. Here’s what they said.

Saransh Agarwal, Vice President Learning and Development

Cognizant's Learning and Development team accountable for skilling all our delivery associates in cutting-edge technologies is primarily driven by women leaders and specialists. Nandini Nair leads our learning technology portfolio providing an award-winning learning experience platform through MyLearningStudio. The reason I highlight these examples is that I believe engineering and technology is not a domain of one gender and it needs passionate individuals to engineer modern solutions. As we celebrate International Women's in Engineering Day, I recognize and honor the value women bring to the field of engineering and it is our collective responsibility to challenge gender biases, create inclusive environments, and amplify women's voices in engineering.
As an ally, I commit to actively listening, learning and advocating the success of each of my female colleagues and aspiring engineers. Together, let us unlock the full potential of engineering, embracing the talents and perspectives of all individuals, regardless of gender.
 
Happy International Women in Engineering Day!

Raj Dharmaraj, AVP Human Resources

International Women in Engineering Day is an occasion to highlight the incredible contribution of women across science, technology, and engineering. From getting the Apollo mission to the Moon, to enabling the Mangalyan orbiter to Mars, women technologists and leaders have been crucial to the success of programs that have accelerated progress for all of humankind. Our own IT industry, from the pioneering days of Ada Lovelace, Grace Hopper, and Hedy Lamarr, has been the beneficiary of an increasing number of women in the workforce, breaking down barriers and stereotypes. There’s been a spurt in the percentage of women employees in IT, and increasingly at leadership levels - I’m proud that Cognizant has been a role-model in championing the cause of bringing more women into the workplace across roles and geographies. I’ve had the privilege of interacting and working with incredibly accomplished women – as colleagues, mentors, teachers, advisors, and leaders – who have shaped the culture, growth, and success of the organizations they are part of. At the risk of sounding biased I believe that women in our industry invariably outperform men, on key leadership dimensions - ability to deal with complexity and ambiguity, high levels of integrity, accountability, and attention to detail, and arguably, the most important traits in today’s context, greater empathy, and resilience. In envisioning the future of IT and Cognizant, embracing and nurturing gender diversity in IT isn’t just the right choice, but a powerful strategic differentiator to thrive in our rapidly evolving technology landscape.

Ramachandran, Global Learning Delivery Lead, Learning and Development

As we celebrate INWED, let us recognize and appreciate the invaluable contributions that Women Engineers make to our world. Their brilliance, passion and dedication have broken barriers and shattered stereotypes, paving the way for a more inclusive and innovative future. Today, I stand proudly as a male ally, committed to championing gender equality in engineering and creating an environment where every individual, regardless of their gender, can thrive and succeed.

We are proud to celebrate all the women in engineering and the impact they are creating. Share with us your experiences as an engineer at Cognizant. 

Wishing everyone a Happy International Women in Engineering Day! #INWED23
Related News                                                                                                                                                                                  
